Welcome to another module this far we get a detailed look at how routeing works how you work with pages
with layouts of components and how you build your view.
Nextstep location with all these building blocks now thus far we only used dummys static data which
are hard coded into our templates.
Now it's time to use dynamic data still not fetch from a database.
We'll add this later though.
But already at least loaded into our javascript code as if we were fetching it from my server or something
like that.
Now while we're at this we'll also have a look at how view X plays into this and how this all connects
to server side rendering.
Because there are some special things about that.
Now let's dive right in and let's continue working on the project we started in the last module so that
we can see how we can add some dynamic javascript controlled data to it.